Tori Jackson

1. The red, green, and blue variables made the grayscale easier. It also made creating the pixels from the original file
and outputting the pixels easier through the different file steams. I think a cost in terms of performance would be that
the streams are going through one value at a time before assigning, and then creating another pixel every 3 values.
Additionally, I had what I'd call "store" variables that would be a copy of the rgb values for reverting the colors, so
copying those values would also be an issue.

4. The only actual checker was different print statements. I had a pixel counter, a statement at the beginning of each
image manipulation function, and one that showed the first pixel's original values and the same pixel but manipulated.

6. Both grayscale and invert functions have a boolean that decides whether to call createFile or not.
createFile has one string parameter, which is the manipulation last used. Both manipulation functions have the string
parameter set to the name, so it sets the name of the new file that will be
created.(ex: farmer-grayscale vs farmer-invert).

7. To parse through comments, I would put an if statement to detect for any # characters, and if it is detected,
either go to the next line, or store the comment in a variable and delete.

10. My program wouldn't override the grayscale unless it was run twice with the same file, or the same file's last
transformation was a grayscale. I would probably put a loop and if statement to check if the file already exists and if
it does, add a number to the name to differentiate them (via a counter variable).

Extra Credit #1
1. Similar to the grayscale function, I created an inversion function. While the file is being read initially, it stores
the max value into an int that is stored in every pixel. To create the inversion effect, each color is:
colorVal = max - colorVal;
Put into the arrayList function, it is basically the same pixel-by-pixel function the grayscale was with the change of
what pixel function is being called.

2. Order doesn't really matter between the two. However, I added a revert() function that allows the modifiers to be
separate instead of combined, as well as a boolean in grayscale and invert that adds the option to create a file or
not.